---
layout: post
title:  "Disciplship Romans 4"
date:   2017-07-14 23:45:13 -0400
background: '/img/1.jpg'
---

The Romans 4 key is about Do we justified by Faith or by works? Paul made a argument in here that we are justified by our FAITH ALONE. This is crucial because The salvation is a free gift By GOD and if we try to work and earn it, that will not be a free gift anymore instead of a wage. For whoever believe, God will count him or her as righteousness . As it is written in Romans 4

“4 Now to the one who works, his wages are not counted as a gift but as his due. 5 And to the one who does not work but believes in him who justifies the ungodly, his faith is counted as righteousness”-Romans 4:4-5. 

Here are some good study questions you can ask yourself as you study Romans 4 by yourselves.

1. Who is Abraham?

Abraham is the Father of circumcised and uncircumcised. He was chosen by God to be counted as righteousness. Becasue his faith, he counted as righteousness before God and his descendent blessed by God.

2. According to Romans 4:3, how did Abraham receive righteousness?

Abraham believed God counted him righteousness.

 

3. Two types of people are described in verse 4 and verse 5, which person was Abraham and why?

Abraham is the type of person who believes God will justify ungodly, because of his faith, he counted as righteousness.

4. What does it mean to be credited righteousness?

Having faith in God, not work to earn.

5. How is the blessing of credited righteousness described in the OT quotes in 7 and 8? In other words, how does God view the sin of the man who has credited righteousness?

If you have faith in GOD, God will forgive you sin because you have Christ righteousness.

6. Is circumcision what saves you, or is it a sign?

it is a sign.

7. Is circumcision required in order to have faith?

NO, your faith came from GOD, it is a free gift from God, it is not from yourself. As it is written

“8 For by grace you have been saved through faith. And this is not your own doing; it is the gift of God, 9 not a result of works, so that no one may boast. ” Eph 2:8-9

 

8. What was the promise made to Abraham?

They will be heir of the world through their righteousness of FAITH.

9. How does one become an heir to the promise made to Abraham?

Having faith in God not use work to earn.

10. Why did the promise have to be obtained through faith?

Laws bring wrath and if by Laws, then faith is null and promise is void.

11. Are we justified the same way as Abraham or by a different way?

SAME WAY, THROUGH FAITH ALONE.

 

> Abraham Justified by Faith
> 4 What then shall we say was gained by Abraham, our forefather according to the flesh? 2 For if Abraham was justified by works, he has something to boast about, but not before God. 3 For what does the Scripture say? “Abraham believed God, and it was counted to him as righteousness.” 4 Now to the one who works, his wages are not counted as a gift but as his due. 5 And to the one who does not work but believes in[a] him who justifies the ungodly, his faith is counted as righteousness, 6 just as David also speaks of the blessing of the one to whom God counts righteousness apart from works:

> 7 “Blessed are those whose lawless deeds are forgiven,
and whose sins are covered;
8 blessed is the man against whom the Lord will not count his sin.”
9 Is this blessing then only for the circumcised, or also for the uncircumcised? For we say that faith was counted to Abraham as righteousness. 10 How then was it counted to him? Was it before or after he had been circumcised? It was not after, but before he was circumcised. 11 He received the sign of circumcision as a seal of the righteousness that he had by faith while he was still uncircumcised. The purpose was to make him the father of all who believe without being circumcised, so that righteousness would be counted to them as well, 12 and to make him the father of the circumcised who are not merely circumcised but who also walk in the footsteps of the faith that our father Abraham had before he was circumcised.

> “The Promise Realized Through Faith
13 For the promise to Abraham and his offspring that he would be heir of the world did not come through the law but through the righteousness of faith. 14 For if it is the adherents of the law who are to be the heirs, faith is null and the promise is void. 15 For the law brings wrath, but where there is no law there is no transgression.

> 16 That is why it depends on faith, in order that the promise may rest on grace and be guaranteed to all his offspring—not only to the adherent of the law but also to the one who shares the faith of Abraham, who is the father of us all, 17 as it is written, “I have made you the father of many nations”—in the presence of the God in whom he believed, who gives life to the dead and calls into existence the things that do not exist. 18 In hope he believed against hope, that he should become the father of many nations, as he had been told, “So shall your offspring be.” 19 He did not weaken in faith when he considered his own body, which was as good as dead (since he was about a hundred years old), or when he considered the barrenness[b] of Sarah’s womb. 20 No unbelief made him waver concerning the promise of God, but he grew strong in his faith as he gave glory to God, 21 fully convinced that God was able to do what he had promised. 22 That is why his faith was “counted to him as righteousness.” 23 But the words “it was counted to him” were not written for his sake alone, 24 but for ours also. It will be counted to us who believe in him who raised from the dead Jesus our Lord, 25 who was delivered up for our trespasses and raised for our justification.” Romans 4